this is just a screen know those
interesting we've got new video of the
Lightning here so I don't know what's
going on with that
well then comes the rain
poor
my he's getting very windy
here
Oh
we're oh ok the sellers here
I think we got hit by a relation where I
said that would be nuts
oh wow
I thought we did at one point with this
that's what I was prepared
you
this moves off the last night's storm
pretty good size
generator running no power
came right down yeah big branch off that
tall locust tree up right there little
tall thing is branch came right down on
my house there's another huge branch
just ripped right off that tree right
there
that's starting to rain
go around the corner it's another tree
part of that birch tree went down a
paper birch and another one behind that
dead tree went and found another tree
down from tees a night's storm right
there fairly good-sized trees you'll see
there's all the way back there and right
there
it's where it's snapped that little tree
right there
uprooted on our angle on this three went
down